Name:NULAKANI. ANUSHA
Email:n180072@rguktn.ac.in
phone number:8978892489
Address:Mysannagudem village, Eluru district, Andhra Pradesh

Objective
I am a student who is pursuing Computer Science Engineering. I am looking for a challenging role in reputed
company to utilize my engineering and programming skills that can contribute to company's growth as well as to
enhance my knowledge by exploring new things.
Education
ZPHS School, Srinivasapuram, Eluru district
Secondary education
10.00
Rajiv Gandhi University of knowledge Technologies, Nuzvid.
PRE UNIVERSITY COURSE
9.33
Rajiv Gandhi University of knowledg Technologies, Nuzvid.
BACHELOR OF TECHNOLOGY IN COMPUTER SCIENCE ENGINEERING
8.77
Skills
C Programming Language
Python Programming Language
Java Programming Language
Data Structures
DBMS
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
Problem Solving
Team Work
Languages
Telugu
English
Interests
Problem Solving
Learn new technologies
Activities
Participated in tech fest like TECKZITE-2k19.
Participated in Science fair and did Field Friend and Checking Water Purification projects.
Worked as a SPL
Participated in so many games conducted by our school and college.
Projects
Transfer Learning for Stance detection
1. In this project we try to Detect the Stance in Tweets.
2. This project is for automatically determining the stance of an author based on the content of a single tweet.
This approach was able to maximize the value of limited training data by transferring features from other
systems trained on large, unlabeled datasets.
3.For this project we use RNN model.
Structural Embeddings (STEM)
1. In this project I try to do stance detection with the help of structural data. 
2. This approach involves generating  graph structure from the dataset. 
3. And then apply the deepwalk algorithm for node embeddings. 
4. After that utilize the CNN  for node classification. 
Restaurant website
1. This is a simple web page development project.
2. This project is aimed to develop an online Restaurant website. 
3. This website is helpful to choose items, and order them. It acts like a waiter in restaurants. There is no need of
extra workers. 
4. It is a responsive website, means that it is worked in laptops, mobiles, tablets and other electronic devices.
This website is user friendly. 
Declaration
I consider myself familiar with Computer Science Engineering aspects. I am also confident about my ability to
work in a team. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge